README.md, before:

# Neuro Stocks Visualiser

Live, auto-refreshing view of Neuro's trading portfolio.

![Neuro trading](images/stocks.png)

## What it shows
- Portfolio summary: value, cash, P/L vs. initial capital, latest move.
- Equity curve: downsampled line chart of historical equity.
- Open positions: qty, market value, basis, price, prev close, intraday change.
- Recent activity: latest fills flattened and sorted.- Sleep status: optional banner if the bot is streaming “I’m Only Sleeping”.
## How it works
- Data source: `https://raw.githubusercontent.com/VedalAI/neuro-stocks-data/main/portfolio.json` (fetched every 30s).
- Sleep status: fetched from a Cloudflare Worker; 
client-side cached for 60s.
- Frontend: static HTML/CSS/JS (Chart.js for the equity chart).
- Nginx: sample config in `nginx/neuro-stocks.conf` (TLS, SPA fallback, asset caching, dotfile deny, optional proxy rule for the Worker path).

## Files at a glance
- `index.html` — layout and meta tags.
- `styles.css` — theming, layout, typography.
- `app.js` — data fetch/refresh, rendering, sleep banner logic.
- `env.example.js` — copy to `env.js` and set `window.TWITCH_PROXY_URL` (Worker endpoint).
- `nginx/neuro-stocks.conf` — example server config.
- `cloudflare-worker/` — Worker code for the sleep-status proxy.

## Notes
- Serve over HTTP/HTTPS (not `file://`) to avoid CORS issues.
- Keep secrets out of `env.js`; only the public Worker URL should live there.

## Special Thanks
- Vedal, for smadge content
- Neuro, for uuh content
- GPT Codex, for generating the whole codebase LULE

![Neuro Logo](images/favicon.png)

Commit message:

Update README with acknowledgements and logo formatting
Added me to the acknowledgements and improved the Neuro Logo display by replacing the markdown image with an HTML img tag for better control over its size.

README.md, after:

# Neuro Stocks Visualiser

Live, auto-refreshing view of Neuro's trading portfolio.

![Neuro trading](images/stocks.png)

## What it shows
- Portfolio summary: value, cash, P/L vs. initial capital, latest move.
- Equity curve: downsampled line chart of historical equity.
- Open positions: qty, market value, basis, price, prev close, intraday change.
- Recent activity: latest fills flattened and sorted.- Sleep status: optional banner if the bot is streaming “I’m Only Sleeping”.
## How it works
- Data source: `https://raw.githubusercontent.com/VedalAI/neuro-stocks-data/main/portfolio.json` (fetched every 30s).
- Sleep status: fetched from a Cloudflare Worker; 
client-side cached for 60s.
- Frontend: static HTML/CSS/JS (Chart.js for the equity chart).
- Nginx: sample config in `nginx/neuro-stocks.conf` (TLS, SPA fallback, asset caching, dotfile deny, optional proxy rule for the Worker path).

## Files at a glance
- `index.html` — layout and meta tags.
- `styles.css` — theming, layout, typography.
- `app.js` — data fetch/refresh, rendering, sleep banner logic.
- `env.example.js` — copy to `env.js` and set `window.TWITCH_PROXY_URL` (Worker endpoint).
- `nginx/neuro-stocks.conf` — example server config.
- `cloudflare-worker/` — Worker code for the sleep-status proxy.

## Notes
- Serve over HTTP/HTTPS (not `file://`) to avoid CORS issues.
- Keep secrets out of `env.js`; only the public Worker URL should live there.

## Special Thanks
- Vedal, for smadge content
- Neuro, for the uuh content
- GPT Codex, for generating the whole codebase LULE
- GitHub Copilot, for the commit messages xdd

<img src="images/favicon.png" alt="Neuro Logo" width="120" />
